find disappointment tonight at beaublanc
with the defeat of the csp is for a
in front of the gravelines leader
dunkirk 91 80 at the end of a very big
match full of emotion and passion
the limoges rome weapons of
confirms a net shape surge overview
for several weeks a bit like
last week
the spd said to be a temper and steed
gomis and its leaders act angels and
proposes a good opposition to the
championship leader and the intensity is
at its maximum
the teams do not let go and do not
do not let go of the score when the septet in
four points advanced 13-9
bcm responds immediately by johnson
camara at dunk the score in milan
but in this defensive match the show
of appointment after ten minutes on
balanced score 16 14
but things are speeding up in a
cardboard with a contest a distance
at this little game mcalarney does speak his
class but the bcm has the respondent with
mba houston the intense team match
are neck to peer is true even manu
is installed for the greatest pleasure
a white village delighted in front of such
show
the gap never exceeds 3.4
advance but after twenty minutes this is
well the bcm that lead to the board
35 34
nothing really bad the csp is in
course and we hope rape good
intentions after the break the
limougeauds chained with positive actions
quickly take over the orders of the
match is in game gomis impeccable at the
wand that a young big breakdown for
the mill
the wing
the unbreathable workshop was not
have done the hardest thing by taking
many times 4.5 in advance but the csp
in fact never break and caen sambou
traoré to be excluded after nice
qualifying
she was a club blow that fell
on white the native of physiognomy of
simpler the score goes to the mountain
northerner who finds world white birch
the perfect assassin the crossover
settles this time it's death that
will
always by this devil of bex on year
heart do not tremble on the line of
free throw and the csp ripped
responsible extension and that's it
the bcm is not a leader for anything
northerners make the break at the right time
as a nation and as referees in
making up one-way decisions
the mission is impossible for the csp
very solid that would break gravina is
not necessarily need a boost
to win
the final difference less pink is heavy for
the csb disappointed but not shot
with the confirmation of real progress has
confirmed next year at cholet